hello welcome to my channel we cook
with flavor today we are going to prepare
gratin rice
the ingredients that we are going to need
they are 100 grams of grated cheese in this
case I am using parmesan 250
milliliters of milk cream more or less
250 grams of ham and 4 cups of rice
cooked that we have previously
fed
first we greased and in flour we
mold for oven
then we add two cups of rice
and level with a spatula until
be well even
now we add a layer of ham
You can not use the sliced ​​ham or
replace it because that
now we add the rest of the rice
and we level again
we add the cream of milk and we distribute
good for all the preparation
finally add the Parmesan cheese
can replace it with any cheese
wishing emmental or bruyere cheese
grated
and we put it to bake in the oven at 200
degrees centigrade by approximately
10 minutes
after 10 minutes in the oven so
is our rice gratin is a
recipe very easy and very rich and as
I always invite you to prepare it and
Tell me what you thought
I invite you to subscribe comments
for more recipes to give you like if you
liked the video and visit the networks
social and the blog of the channel until the
next video